Improve alerts docs and behaviour (#2597)
santiment/sanbase2: docs/technical_overview/alerts_internals.md

# Alerts Internals

## Alerts Overview

The alerts are checks that are computed against metrics/signals and are fired
when given conditions are met.

Examples:

> - `price_usd of ethreum is above $1,500`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `price_usd of ethereum is above $1,500`
```

> - `daily active addresses of bitcoin are incrased by 10% compared to 24h ago`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `daily active addresses of bitcoin increased by 10% compared to 24h ago`
```

Reviewer 2: Може би "have increased"
